Operator

Good morning. My name is Ashlin; I'll be your conference operator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to ADP's Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Webcast. I like to inform you that this conference is being recorded. And all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

I'll now turn the conference over to Ms Sara Grilliot, Vice President, and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Sara Grilliot

Thank you. Good morning. This is Sara Grilliot, ADP's Vice President, Investor Relations, and I am here today with Carlos Rodriguez, ADP's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jan Siegmund, ADP's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call and webcast.

Before we get started with Carlos's commentary on the quarter, I want to give you an update on our Investor Day. The event will be held on March 3rd in New York City and we have an exciting agenda plan that will showcase our new products and include an update on our business and strategic initiative. We look forward to seeing you there.

I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will contain forward-looking statements that refer to future events, and as such, involve some risks. We encourage you to review our filings with the SEC for additional information on risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Carlos.

Carlos Rodriguez

Thank you, Sara. And good morning, everyone. This morning we reported solid results for our second quarter of fiscal 2015 including revenue growth of 7% and worldwide new business growth of 15%. During the quarter, we increased the number of businesses in the cloud to 480,000 and migrated 22 million users to our new user experience, providing them with a new way to access the pay information. And since last year we have more than doubled a number of mobile users to 3.6 million. And we are on track with our client migrations. And are pleased that we have migrated almost all of our small business clients to ADP RUN. We now have fewer than 2,000 clients left on the legacy EasyPay platform. We are excited as we prepared to sunset this platform in the coming week.

A continued progress was made possible by our investments and innovations and our laser focus on leading in the Human Capital Management or HCM market. We remain optimistic as our strengthening portfolio of strategic platforms continued to experience success in recent months. The success is evidence by our year-to-date record client revenue retention in both the US and internationally. And our strong new bookings growth as clients of all sizes are seeing the value in ADP's integrated offerings and the value we provide and helping them manage their workforce.

In the US, we continued to be focused on growing our suite of integrated cloud based HCM solutions and we are pleased with the number of new clients choosing our flagship platforms ADP RUN, Workforce Now and Vantage as well as the adoption rates of additional modules by our existing client base. Our HR business processing outsourcing solutions especially our PEO continue to perform quite well as businesses look to fully outsource increasingly complex HR processes to ADP. To further enhance our capabilities, during the quarter we launched ADP Health Compliance targeted primarily at larger enterprises. This new solution which ADP is uniquely positioned to deliver helps businesses navigate the challenging and complex landscape associated with ACA healthcare compliance. We are optimistic about the interest we've seen from clients and the opportunity this represent.

We are also keenly aware of our opportunity in the HCM space outside of the US. And although the European economic situation remains a challenge, ADP's strength global compliance and our presence in 100 countries has contributed to our success internationally. Not only have we seen solid execution in sales for multinational corporation, but we continue to enjoy a leading position abroad for our in country solution. Overall, we are pleased by the balanced success we are seeing across our portfolio. And we are constantly looking for ways to provide better, value added services for all of our clients whether they are small businesses or multinational corporation. We continue to sharpen our focus and evolve the end-to-end client journey leveraging our unique insights and expertise to create a more integrated and seamless client experience.

We also understand that no two companies have the same need but the same way of doing business. So providing flexibility and adaptability of our market leading solutions is essential. For this reason we introduced the ADP market place earlier this fiscal year which is designed to help employers make the most of their workforce data by empowering partner companies and developers to deliver new and innovative applications that leverage and integrate with ADP's data.

The openness of the ADP market place which is enabling to access to our Application Programming Interfaces or APIs, enables workforce data integration across multiple workforce management platform, provides client with a more seamless and efficient HR process and lets clients extend the value of their relationship with ADP. In the three months since launch, our development team has begun working with potential partners. We are excited about the opportunity it provides for ADP to collaborate with third party developers and providing solutions that help our client better manage their workforce. And as we leverage ADP's unique big data capability, we are delighted with the launch of our ADP Workforce Vitality Report this October. The new report from the ADP research institute is unique in its ability to provide insight into the health of the US labor market. Not just job numbers but the quality of job and the trends driving its momentum. When considered together with our well regarded national employment report, we are sending a clear message to the market that ADP is at the forefront of identifying, analyzing and driving actionable insight in the HCM's space.

In that regard we are also encouraged by the demand we are seeing for ADP's analytic solutions which are particularly strong among our up market client. We introduced these solutions just one year ago. And while the product is still in its early stages, we are enthusiastic about future opportunities for ADP to leverage our big data capability. In summary, we have entered the back half of our fiscal year on solid footing. While we certainly understand and are aware of the changing dynamics in the HCM's space, we are confident that our robust offerings and insightful expertise will enable to maintain and extend our leadership position. Again, thank you very much for your continued interest in ADP and I look forward to speaking with many of you at our Investor Day on March 3rd.

